hello I'm wilton vargas from technet and ccoo
dotcom and I do not have a part of mckee
in jetblue but if I'm at the door
number 21 of jetblue terminal 5 here
at the john f international airport
Kennedy the city of New York for
know the details of the new service
of internet access that is called wifi and
that pierre bulo is launching that plane
that is out there is one of the
first you have this service so
let's know the details of this
launching
we are on board one of the first
jetblue aircraft that has the system
live to which allows you to navigate the
internet in a fast way using
a new technology that is called in a
satellite technology using the band
good box that's the technical part what
important here of this service is the
first internet access service in
an airplane that uses technology
satellite and that allows it to be
working even when we are not over
earth the second promises to be the most
fast of all access services
to internet
the air that is very important since
Well, it will allow you to do many
things that current services do not
allow to do the third the service is
free if you what you are going to do is
surf the internet check email networks
you are not going to have to pay like
happens in other services that
they are currently offered but here
just you open your laptops or
you use your cell phone or your tablet and you can
surf the internet for free if you already
you want to do more elaborate things
complicated as for example streaming
the power to watch movies and so on
service cost is $ 9
this time it will be until summer
2014 and at that time then re-evaluate them
to the service dynamics something else
important that it is necessary to notice is the
fact that jetblue will be
converting 15 aircraft per month
providing them with live services and until
at the end of 2000 of 2014, because
have over 100 aircraft equipped with
this as one knows
what airplane has fly fire good good
simple
on the jetblue page a
link that will be updating all
the days to report which routes are going to
be equipped with live service
and good the reality is that we have this
opportunity to get on the plane and
to know more about this to be able to
this inform you about the
service details but we wait in
a very near future as such a power
try it out and verify how good the
connectivity for the puntocom technician
from inside one of the planes
from jetblue here at the airport
international john f kennedy in the
New York City in the Camera Jose
velez and wilton vargas